# GitHubABCs
This repository was created for the sole purpose of writing notes as I learn how to use this platform.
## Things I've learned so far
1. Repositories are used to 'package' things belonging to a single project. If for example, a project contains HTML, CSS, JS and some images, then all the files/folders containing these must be in the repo. I also learnt that that's what repositories are called in short,haha.
2. Branches allow one to have different versions of a repo. Say you've gotten some new ideas that you want to incorporate in your project but you're uncertain about whether or not to make the changes permanent. You can create a branch off of main( when you create a new repo, it is the main branch by default) and make the changes there. Saved changes are called commits. Commits made on a branch will **only** appear on the main branch if the two have been merged. Each commit must be accompanied by a message that explains what the change is and why it was made. I think this will be my favourite feature.
3. In the last point, I mentioned something along the lines of 'changes made in a different branch will **only** be observable in the main branch if the 2 have been merged'. Turns out I lied, hahaha don't shoot me. Pull requests can be used to do this as well. When you've made a commit, you have the option of submitting your code and contribute changes via a pull request to @insertusername. This is why pull requests are said to be the heart of GitHub collaboration. Changes you have made, additions and subtractions, will appear in different colors (I am uncertain about whether I will see these colors or not. Hopefully I'll get an answer as I progress). 
